chore: add GitHub issue templates (#2)
blackbaud/skyux: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Create a report to help us improve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Create a report to help us identify and address bugs
```

title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''
---

**Describe the bug**

> A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear, concise description of the bug.
```

> **To Reproduce**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Steps to reproduce the behavior**
```

> Steps to reproduce the behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**

> A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear, concise description of what you expected to happen.
```

**Screenshots**

> If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain the bug.
```

> **Desktop (please complete the following information):**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Desktop details:**
```

- OS: [e.g. iOS]

> - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browser: [e.g. Chrome, Safari]
```
FWIW, I don't really think we need the examples in brackets in this section or the next section. The details we are requesting seem fairly obvious, so I don't think we need the examples to help people out. But I'm not sure if I'm overlooking some potential point of confusion, so I just left the brackets in place.

> - Version [e.g. 22]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browser version: [e.g. 22]
```

> **Smartphone (please complete the following information):**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Smartphone details:**
```

- Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
- OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]

> - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browser: [e.g. stock browser, Safari]
```

> - Version [e.g. 22]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browser version: [e.g. 22]
```

**Additional context**

> Add any other context about the problem here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any other details that may relate to the problem.
```
